/*****
我的名字是张净波
我在2024年6月毕业于中国石油大学（北京）的地质工程专业，获得工学硕士学位
我在2020年7月毕业于长江大学的地理信息科学专业，获得理学学士学位
I graduated from the Geological Engineering program at China University of Petroleum (Beijing) in June 2024 with a Master of Engineering degree, with a major in Geological Engineering.
I received my Bachelor of Science degree from Yangtze University in July 2020, with a major in Geographic Information Science.

在大学期间通过在网上自学掌握了计算机编程技术，因此在毕业后从事软件开发工作

我特别赞同的一个观点是：幸福不是你有权利想做什么就做什么，而是你有权利不做你不想做的事情
我希望通过学英语，能够让我有更多的选择权，能够让我不做我不想做的事情
One idea I strongly agree with is: happiness is not about having the right to do whatever you want, but having the right to refuse to do what you don’t want to do.
I hope that learning English will give me more choices and empower me to say no to things I don’t want to do.

我有超过1年的软件开发工作经验，主要使用JavaScript等编程语言进行软件的前端开发工作
我的爱好是喜欢读书和旅行，当然我的爱好也包括学英语，我希望通过学英语能够改变我的工作状态

我从今年的4月中旬开始学习英语，前期主要是通过自学的方式学习英语，我会阅读一些文章，并且做笔记，也会听一些听力，
但是思维依然禁锢在应试思维，因此效果并不是非常的理想，7月份开始我跟着外教学英语，和她的交流过程中，我逐渐敢于开口说外语，
但是外教老师不动中文，虽然很多时候她可以猜懂我想表达什么，但是由于她不懂中文，我发现我的英文在和她的交流中会被限制在有限的范围内

我在读书的时候就不是很擅长学外语，我在初中高中阶段，英语一般情况下是不及格的，
大学的时候通过很大的努力先后通过了英语四级和六级考试，这对于我来说是一个很大的挑战

Now, as a front-end software developer working on internet applications, 
I’d like to use an online banking app as an example to briefly explain what front-end development is all about.  
When you open your mobile banking app, everything you see — the login screen, 
your account balance on the homepage, the transfer interface, the list of financial products, 
and even pop-up messages — all of that visual and interactive experience is built by front-end developers.  

The back-end, on the other hand, handles the invisible parts: 
how your account data is stored, how a money transfer is processed, 
how transaction records are synchronized — basically, the core logic and data processing behind the scenes.

For example, when you enter an amount and tap "Confirm" to make a transfer, 
the front-end manages the entire user interaction: the button’s response, loading animations, 
and showing success or error messages. 

But the actual transfer logic — verifying your account, deducting funds, 
recording the transaction — that’s all handled by the back-end. 
Once it’s done, the result is sent back to the front-end, 
which then displays it to you.


Now, let’s bring this back to ChatGPT. From a front-end developer’s perspective, 
I’d like to walk you through how the ChatGPT web version is structured. 
The ChatGPT web app shows clear characteristics of a Single-Page Application, or SPA. 
It has a component-based architecture, complex state management, and highly dynamic interactions. 

So, what exactly is a SPA? Unlike traditional websites, 
where each page navigation triggers a full reload of a new page 
— which often causes flickering or delays.

SPAs work differently. 
In a SPA, there’s essentially just one main page. 
When you “navigate” between sections, 
the content is dynamically updated within that single page. 

Instead of reloading everything, 
the front-end simply hides old components and shows new ones, 
while fetching data in the background asynchronously